Three million
Do you know how long I worked for that?
You bastard
Didn’t you want to know
why I would tell you
how Le Le died?
You ruined me
So I won’t let you have peace either
I’ll make you wish you were dead
I just wanted to be rich
Was that so wrong?
Was I wrong?
You scum, you deserve to be cut a thousand times
You made me wish I was dead
Duan Xiao Jian
I overestimated you
Let me tell you this
Whether I’m Ye Ci or Ye Qi Luo
I won’t be destroyed by what happened today
Starting today
I’ll live better than anyone else
Ye Ci
Let her be alone for a while
We’ve received reports from the public
Suspecting your involvement
in a hit-and-run case from seven years ago
Please come with us for investigation
Wait
What just happened
was all recorded
Including his kidnapping
and confession about attempting to k.i.l.l a minor patient
Alright, then you’ll also need to come with us
to cooperate with the investigation